readme.md, before:

# Birth by Sleep HD ReMix+
<br>A Texture Pack for Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix, for use in the PPSSPP Emulator.

<br><b><i>Contact on the bottom.</i></b>

<b>Warning:</b>
This Texture Pack was made for the <b>Japanese/English patched Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep FINAL MIX.</b>

<br>Although I can't help you if you have issues with it <b>a partial patch was made for it but it's not perfect or complete.</b> 
<br>It should work automatically if you change the folder from ULJM05775 to (Region you're playing) and properly check the Button Swaps folder in Optional.(Don't forget the read me)

<i>Compatible</i> with both EUR/USA versions.

![There Should Be a Fancy Image Here](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/389162671175630861/514340886386311188/unknown.png)

# Latest Version: 1.4.0

Original Forum Thread: https://forums.ppsspp.org/showthread.php?tid=24126

Album: https://imgur.com/a/0YzyF1t

# Download Links:

<br>Stable Source: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix/
<br>Stable Version Download: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix/archive/master.zip

<br>Nightly Source: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix-Nightly/
<br>Nightly Version Download:  https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix-Nightly/archive/master.zip

# Instructions

<br>To install, first download, then go to the TEXTURES Folder found in:

<br><b>Windows .zip/Compressed/Git version:</b> PPSSPPDir/memstick/PSP
<br><b>Windows Installer:</b> My Documents/PSP
<br><b>Android:</b> PSP

If TEXTURES doesn't exist, create it, along with(depending of which version/region you have)ULJM05775/ULES01441/ULUS10505 folder, and then drag'n'drop all contents from the ZIP inside it.

In the end, it should look like this for example: **PPSSPPDir/memstick/PSP/TEXTURES/ULJM05775/GithubContents**

It should automatically work if you have not disabled texture replacement, if you did, enable it in Settings/Tools/Developer tools.

Please delete the folder before updating or it may cause errors.

# Patching Aqua's Model

This is the only process you have to do yourself. And I am not helping you beyond the following.

Access the Patches folder, and follow the instructions in the readme.

# Extras

<b>Extra Compatibility with the non-Final Mix version in the Optional folder, please CHECK there before you play in that version.</b>

<b>Button swaps are avaiable in the Optional folder.</b>

<b>Pre-Censor Aqua:</b> Check the Optional folder.

Preview: https://imgur.com/a/S9uri



<b>Playing in 60 FPS and/or with Japanese Voices:</b>

Step 1: Go to Settings ---> System and turn on [Enable cheats].

Step 2: Go back to the pause menu(Or unpause then pause), press [Cheats], [Edit cheat file] and input the following on the text file. Then Save.

<br>_S ULJM-05775
<br>_G Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix
<br>_C0 60 FPS Mode
<br>_L 0x21725EC8 0x00000000
<br>_C0 Japanese Audio
<br>_L 0x0035B02E 0x00000001
<br>_C0 Disable Subtitles(Broken outside Theater)
<br>_L 0x017189FC 0x00000000

# FAQ
<br><b>Q:</b> The pack is not working!
<br><b>A:</b> Please check for the region of you game when you make the folder for the textures. To check, long press the icon of the game in PPSSPP and the right name you use should be in parenthesis. If you are still unsure, see this picture: https://i.imgur.com/CJiHBl7.png
<br>If you know the region, the IDs are as follows.
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep FINAL MIX - ULJM05775
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep (EUR)- ULES01441
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep (USA)- ULUS10505

<br><b>Q:</b> You're taking too long to update, what's going on!?
<br><b>A:</b> I started this project with the support of hououin_kyouma back in 27/12/2017, whom teached me how to use the texture replacement feature in PPSSPP and helped in several important things. It had began as a simple pack, with some fonts created by him, and some upscaled textures here and there, but soon we got someone to dump the textures, and I began to categorize things, pour more work than I should, and here you have it, a experience that matches the quality of the console, if not better!
<br>But it's not soo simple for me to keep dumping updates one after another after I got 2.5's textures. There is real life out there on my call, I am a human, not a robot to work 24/7 on it, rarely get motivation to continue on the project, and not to include the crappy computer I have, which doesn't even permit me to run the game properly at the minimum resolution for me to not have pixelated results of the texture pack for testing if everything works fine: https://i.imgur.com/qChMUZi.png
<br>In short, you'll have to bear with the slow progress, but I am going till the end with this project. Thank you for reading all the way up here.

<br><b>Q:</b> Place XXXXX is not in HD pls fix
<br><b>A:</b> The project is currently not finished, do not expect too many things made at the moment, I am one man working on the textures.ini alone. The compatibility with the Not-Final Mix version of the game is **NOT** complete, but bearable.

<br><b>Q:</b> The Command Bar is ALWAYS filled, what the hell!
<br><b>A:</b> You can read this: https://goo.gl/fodfVn But I doubt you'd want to, <s>so basically, use a version of PPSSPP that is under 1.5.4-484.</s> Use the latest version instead.(1.7.2+)

<br><b>Q:</b> Why do the faces look blocky/robotic?
<br><b>A:</b> Limitation in the texture replacement feature, trying to replace all of the avaiable faces in the game for one character will result in them being stuck in one expression forever. <b><i>Example video here:</b></i> https://goo.gl/p5a1Pn
<br><b><i>Explanation:</b></i> I picked a random expression from the ones I dumped in the game, and put it ontop, in higher priority, however you prefer it worded, then I threw in the other expressions that dumped, and implemented them.
<br><b><i>Result:</b></i> The first act shows the faces working fine, without the ones I dumped implemented, like it should, before I cut her last line, but on the second act, she's stuck on the sad face. She will stay stuck on that face for the rest of the game. That's the reason I preferred to NOT implement the faces at all.
<br><b><i>If you know a breakthrough, tell me.</b></i>

<br><b>Q:</b> When I'm pressing X, my character attacks, and O, they jump, which opposes my HUD, what's wrong here?
<br><b>Q:</b> You seem to be playing the Not-Final Mix version of the game. Please check the Button Swaps folder in the Optional folder of the texture pack. Also don't forget to change your controls if you are using the swaps in the Final Mix version.

<br><b>Q:</b> Could you give me a meme?
<br><b>A:</b> Sure. Here you are: https://i.imgur.com/4qVc8Uq.jpg



<br><b>Q:</b> How can I support the project or contact you?
<br><b>A:</b> Contact me via Discord(AkiraJkr#6764), Twitter(@AkiraJkr1) or my email: akirajkr1@gmail.com

Commit message:

1.5.0 - Project 'finished', which will make it go after missing/less important things finally. But almost everything that should be the minimum to call it 'finished' is done, now to 'complete' it, to the best of my ability! Changes are: Deep Space, Disney Town and Mysterious Tower done(Realm of Darkness on the next hotfix if it was touched?) Fixes to textures that were too big, removed unnecessary ones. Along with the unproperly scaled ones I accidentally picked. Fix for the non-Final Mix background's aliasing issue Several misc and missing textures added. Minimaps for all(?) worlds done!

readme.md, after:

# Birth by Sleep HD ReMix+
<i>Also known as Birth by Sleep HDification.

<br>A Texture Pack for Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix, for use in the PPSSPP Emulator.

<br><b><i>Contact on the bottom.</i></b>

<b>Warning:</b>
This Texture Pack was made for the <b>Japanese/English patched Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep FINAL MIX.</b>

<br>Although I can't help you if you have issues with it <b>a partial patch was made for it but it's not perfect or complete.</b> 
<br>It should work automatically if you change the folder from ULJM05775 to (Region you're playing) and properly check the Button Swaps folder in Optional.(Don't forget the read me)

<i>Compatible</i> with both EUR/USA versions.

![There Should Be a Fancy Image Here](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/389162671175630861/514340886386311188/unknown.png)

# Latest Version: 1.5.0

Original Forum Thread: https://forums.ppsspp.org/showthread.php?tid=24126

Album: https://imgur.com/a/0YzyF1t

# Download Links:

<br>Stable Source: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix/
<br>Stable Version Download: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix/archive/master.zip

<br>Nightly Source: https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix-Nightly/
<br>Nightly Version Download:  https://github.com/AkiraJkr/Birth-by-Sleep-HD-ReMix-Nightly/archive/master.zip

# Instructions

<br>To install, first download, then go to the TEXTURES Folder found in:

<br><b>Windows .zip/Compressed/Git version:</b> PPSSPPDir/memstick/PSP
<br><b>Windows Installer:</b> My Documents/PSP
<br><b>Android:</b> PSP

If TEXTURES doesn't exist, create it, along with(depending of which version/region you have)ULJM05775/ULES01441/ULUS10505 folder, and then drag'n'drop all contents from the ZIP inside it.

In the end, it should look like this for example: **PPSSPPDir/memstick/PSP/TEXTURES/ULJM05775/GithubContents**

It should automatically work if you have not disabled texture replacement, if you did, enable it in Settings/Tools/Developer tools.

Please delete the folder before updating or it may cause errors.

# Patching Aqua's Model

This is the only process you have to do yourself. And I am not helping you beyond the following.

Access the Patches folder, and follow the instructions in the readme. This only works on the English Patched Final Mix.

# Extras

<b>Extra Compatibility with the non-Final Mix version in the Optional folder, please CHECK there before you play in that version.</b>

<b>Button swaps are avaiable in the Optional folder.</b>

<b>Pre-Censor Aqua:</b> Check the Optional folder.

Preview: https://imgur.com/a/S9uri



<b>Playing in 60 FPS and/or with Japanese Voices:</b>

Step 1: Go to Settings ---> System and turn on [Enable cheats].

Step 2: Go back to the pause menu(Or unpause then pause), press [Cheats], [Edit cheat file] and input the following on the text file. Then Save.

<br>_S ULJM-05775
<br>_G Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix
<br>_C0 60 FPS Mode
<br>_L 0x21725EC8 0x00000000
<br>_C0 Japanese Audio
<br>_L 0x0035B02E 0x00000001
<br>_C0 Disable Subtitles(Broken outside Theater)
<br>_L 0x017189FC 0x00000000

# FAQ
<br><b>Q:</b> The pack is not working!
<br><b>A:</b> Please check for the region of you game when you make the folder for the textures. To check, long press the icon of the game in PPSSPP and the right name you use should be in parenthesis. If you are still unsure, see this picture: https://i.imgur.com/CJiHBl7.png
<br>If you know the region, the IDs are as follows.
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep FINAL MIX - ULJM05775
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep (EUR)- ULES01441
<br>KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep (USA)- ULUS10505

<br><b>Q:</b> You're taking too long to update, what's going on!?
<br><b>A:</b> I started this project with the support of hououin_kyouma back in 27/12/2017, whom teached me how to use the texture replacement feature in PPSSPP and helped in several important things. It had began as a simple pack, with some fonts created by him, and some upscaled textures here and there, but soon we got someone to dump the textures, and I began to categorize things, pour more work than I should, and here you have it, a experience that matches the quality of the console, if not better!
<br>But it's not soo simple for me to keep dumping updates one after another after I got 2.5's textures. There is real life out there on my call, I am a human, not a robot to work 24/7 on it, rarely get motivation to continue on the project, and not to include the crappy computer I have, which doesn't even permit me to run the game properly at the minimum resolution for me to not have pixelated results of the texture pack for testing if everything works fine: https://i.imgur.com/qChMUZi.png
<br>In short, you'll have to bear with the slow progress, but I am going till the end with this project. Thank you for reading all the way up here.

<br><b>Q:</b> Place XXXXX is not in HD pls fix
<br><b>A:</b> The project is currently not finished, do not expect too many things made at the moment, I am one man working on the textures.ini alone. The compatibility with the Not-Final Mix version of the game is **NOT** complete, but bearable.

<br><b>Q:</b> The Command Bar is ALWAYS filled, what the hell!
<br><b>A:</b> You can read this: https://goo.gl/fodfVn But I doubt you'd want to, <s>so basically, use a version of PPSSPP that is under 1.5.4-484.</s> Use the latest version instead.(1.7.2+)

<br><b>Q:</b> Why do the faces look blocky/robotic?
<br><b>A:</b> Limitation in the texture replacement feature, trying to replace all of the avaiable faces in the game for one character will result in them being stuck in one expression forever. <b><i>Example video here:</b></i> https://goo.gl/p5a1Pn
<br><b><i>Explanation:</b></i> I picked a random expression from the ones I dumped in the game, and put it ontop, in higher priority, however you prefer it worded, then I threw in the other expressions that dumped, and implemented them.
<br><b><i>Result:</b></i> The first act shows the faces working fine, without the ones I dumped implemented, like it should, before I cut her last line, but on the second act, she's stuck on the sad face. She will stay stuck on that face for the rest of the game. That's the reason I preferred to NOT implement the faces at all.
<br><b><i>If you know a breakthrough, tell me.</b></i>

<br><b>Q:</b> When I'm pressing X, my character attacks, and O, they jump, which opposes my HUD, what's wrong here?
<br><b>Q:</b> You seem to be playing the Not-Final Mix version of the game. Please check the Button Swaps folder in the Optional folder of the texture pack. Also don't forget to change your controls if you are using the swaps in the Final Mix version.

<br><b>Q:</b> Could you give me a meme?
<br><b>A:</b> Sure. Here you are: https://i.imgur.com/4qVc8Uq.jpg



<br><b>Q:</b> How can I support the project or contact you?
<br><b>A:</b> Contact me via Discord(AkiraJkr#6764), Twitter(@AkiraJkr1) or my email: akirajkr1@gmail.com
